[cheering]
[ann]
Ladies and gentlemen,
we're in the last match of
the national tournament's
quarter finals.
We already have three teams
advancing to the semifinals,
and today,
we'll know the fourth.
We have Team Hirado...
They're representing
Nagasaki.
And they are going against
Shizuoka Prefecture's
representative,
- the tournament's favorite,
-Come on, Nankatsu!
- Team Nankatsu.
-You have to win this match!
We're counting on you,
Tsubasa.
Ha! They have no idea
what's waiting for them.
This will be
very interesting.
[ann] And Team Hirado is
going to kick off the match.
[chuckles]
If he's smiling like that...
then that means
he must be very confident
in his team's ability.
We won't be
taking it easy on them.
Huh?
[laugh]
[narr] Episode 41:
The Fearful Dark Horse.
[ann] As we all know,
Team Nankatsu has been
the reigning champion for
the past two tournaments.
And this year,
they plan on making it
their third time.
On the other hand,
Team Hirado has won
all of their matches
with a minimal difference.
Despite being
a skillful team in defense,
their attacks are
very effective.
Now we'll have to see
if Nankatsu
is capable of defending
their current title
- against this new rival.
-[chuckle]
All players are in position.
They're waiting for
the referee's whistle.
[whistle]
[ann] As soon as
the whistle blows,
Hirado's number 16
- makes way at full speed.
-[grunt]
Hirado's players
pass the ball to each other
with an unsettling calmness.
What could they be up to?
- Nobody knows.
-Huh?
-What're they doing?
Aren't they planning on
attacking us?
If they won't come to us,
we'll just have to.
[grunt]
[ann] Taki manages
to steal the ball
with great ease.
Let's go!
[panting]
Out of my way!
[grunt]
[scream]
[groan]
-Hajime, no!
[ann]
Taki tries to get through,
but he's stopped at once
by a powerful tackle
from Team Hirado's captain,
Jito.
[chuckles]
Well then...
Now I'll show you
just how fearsome
-Team Hirado is.
-[gasp]
Morisaki, get ready.
He's gonna shoot
towards the goal.
Yeah.
[grunt]
Take this!
[ann] Jito shoots
a powerful rocket shot from
outside the goalie's box
that's headed straight to
- Nankatsu's goalkeeper.
-Morisaki!
The shot is bending
the wind around it.
It's flying towards
the goal like a missile.
Morisaki!
Don't worry.
I can stop his shot.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
-How did he--?
[grunt]
[ann]
And that's a goal
- for Team Hirado.
-[gasp]
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
[ann] Right at
the last moment,
- Sano changes
-Awesome!
- the direction of the ball
-[chuckle]
with a header.
-[gasp]
-[ann] Team Hirado scores
the first goal of the match.
It looks like
we have a worthy
opponent for Nankatsu,
the current
reigning champions.
[gasps]
[laugh]
What do you think
about that?
That's Hirado's duo for ya.
Mitsuru and I have
-a perfect combination.
-[laugh]
Your reign is over,
Nankatsu.
[laugh]
[groans]
Damn them...
The match's just started,
Jito.
-Huh?
If you score on us,
we'll double that.
-Tsubasa!
Yeah, that's right, Tsubasa.
You have to score a goal.
Show that cocky team
who Nankatsu really is.
[whistle]
[pant] Let's give 'em
a taste of our offense.
Tsubasa said it...
We have to score
twice as much.
[grunt]
I wonder which of you
will be able to
knock me down, huh?
[yell]
Teppei, be careful!
-[scream]
-[yell]
[ann] And Nankatsu's Kisugi
is sent flying.
He couldn't handle
the powerful slide tackle
from Hirado's captain.
- But wait, what's happening?
-[grunt]
Nankatsu's captain
gets the ball back.
Good. Now we have to
tie the match.
[grunts]
[ann] Here comes
Team Hirado's defense.
[gasp]
[reac]
You're mine.
Let's see how you like
my defense, captain.
-[groan]
-[grunt]
No, Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa!
-[gasps]
He did it on purpose.
It was a head on impact.
[groaning]
[ann] Jito has the ball
in his possession
and he's headed to
Nankatsu's goal.
- Despite his size,
-[panting]
- he's very fast.
-You can't face me head on.
Take this!
Ha! What a pitiful
sliding tackle.
-[scream]
-[yell]
[ann] Nankatsu's forward
couldn't do anything
to stop Jito
and is sent flying as well.
Incredible!
Jito has an incredible
amount of strength.
What an absurd
amount of power.
Jito is even stronger
than Hyuga.
That's incredible.
-[panting]
-If we attack together,
he can't get past us.
Oh yeah?
Well, in that case...
taste this!
[yell]
[ann] Hiroshi Jito
once again shoots
his powerful rocket shot
from long distance.
-[grunt] [pant]
-[laugh]
We won't fall for
the same trap one more time.
We are Team Nankatsu!
-[grunt] [groan]
-[gasp]
[ann]
Ishizaki jumps
and deflects Jito's shot
with his head.
Great play, Ishizaki!
[groaning]
[gasp]
[chuckle]
The captain said we wouldn't
hold back against you guys.
Looks like today,
you'll learn a lesson
in humility.
I'll show you to be humble,
you cocky brat.
[grunt]
[gasp]
We have to help out
Ishizaki.
Yeah.
[chuckle]
[gasp]
-[ann] Impressive.
-[gasp]
- Sano manages to fool
- the defense.
-[laugh]
[panting]
What're you doing?
Jito is a distraction.
[gasps]
It was so easy to fool
the notorious champs.
Stop him! Don't let him
shoot the ball!
-[pants]
-[chuckle]
-[grunt]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
[ann] Sano lures out
he defense
and makes a pass
to the back.
Now Jito has the ball
- and he's totally open.
-[pants]
Don't you guys
get it by now?
It doesn't matter how much
you try to mark me.
-You just can't...
-[panting]
-stop me!
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann]
Jito now kicks the ball
from the penalty area
directly towards
the opponent's goal.
The ball's headed
straight for the keeper.
[grunting]
[ann] And Team Nankatsu's
goalkeeper
catches the ball
with his hands.
You got this, Morisaki!
[groaning]
[ann] The sheer raw power
from the shot
- made the ball go in along
-[grunt]
- with the goalkeeper.
-This can't be happening!
Morisaki!
[ann] This is...
This is incredible!
Team Hirado is leading
the scoreboard already.
They're ahead by a two goal
margin to nothing.
[cheering]
[ann] Even though
it's their first time here,
Team Hirado has shown
to be a strong team
in this tournament.
This is the first time
Team Nankatsu's in danger
of losing
the quarterfinals.
No one saw this coming,
ladies and gentlemen.
Could this be the end of
Team Nankatsu's
winning streak?
Nankatsu...
-is in serious danger.
-Huh?
[ann] Both goals
were possible
because of Team Hirado's
powerful duo, Jito and Sano,
in a potent and
dangerous combination.
We're witnessing
something unreal.
Team Hirado's captain
has more strength
than any player here.
He's Team Nankatsu's
biggest problem thus far.
Captain Tsubasa is
completely speechless.
[growl]
[ann] Team Hirado turned
out to be a dark horse.
Their determination
has surprised all of us.
How do you like that,
Nankatsu?
You won't win
this tournament.
Seems like Hirado
is an unpredictable team.
Unpredictable?
They appear to be weak,
but they're
a very strong team.
In the Nagasaki
regional tournament...
everyone thought that
Team Saikai would win,
but in the end,
Hirado beat them
six goals to nil.
They're a team
that truly relishes...
in the element of surprise
in soccer.
So that means that
their strength is the same.
They play calmly
and they keep
their cards hidden
until the end.
No, that's not always it.
I'd say that
their style of play is
adapting to the opposing
team's strength.
What?
However strong
their rival is,
that's how strong they
become when they're playing.
Jito's like that.
The stronger
his opponent is,
the more his desire
to surpass and beat him is.
Tell me, what's wrong
with you, Nankatsu?
If you guys don't
try to stop us,
this won't be fun at all.
What?
We had our hopes up
when we found out
we'd be playing you,
Tsubasa.
But I noticed that
the teams you defeated
were trash,
just like you are.
[laugh]
You should get ready.
This time,
I'll score on you.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[ann] Team Hirado is
playing impressively well.
Now Team Nankatsu
has to score two goals
to tie the match.
That is if they want to
make a comeback.
We have to support our team.
Nankatsu, let's win this!
-Let's win this!
You can't lose to them,
you hear me?
You can still turn
this thing around, Nankatsu.
Right.
It is not over yet.
I swear,
I'll score this time.
[whistle]
Come with me, guys.
-Yeah!
[ann] It looks like
Team Hirado
will spend their time
defending until half time.
Just like I thought...
-Now they're defending.
-Huh?
Team Hirado is famous
for their defense.
No one has scored
a goal on them until now.
They want to take advantage
of their lead
and defend to secure
their victory.
They don't plan...
to leave this up to luck.
Yeah!
It's my turn.
-Huh?
-[Hajime] [groan]
[ann]
What's this?
Taki and Kisugi
aren't moving.
-[groan]
-[ann] It looks like
their previous collision
with Jito
- was very serious.
-Oh no, they're both hurt.
[groan]
My shoulder!
It's time.
Move, guys.
I want you to destroy him.
-Yeah!
[grunt]
You're done for!
[ann] Captain Tsubasa
manages to fool
- the defenders.
-It's yours, Mamoru.
[grunt]
Here!
[ann] A beautiful
one-two pass.
- Izawa and Tsubasa make way
-[grunt]
- with excellent maneuvers.
-Mamoru,
-go to the danger zone.
-Yeah.
[ann]
This is the first time
we see Tsubasa run
all the way down the wing.
Pay attention.
I want you to get
number 8.
Let me take care
of the rest.
Yeah!
Here!
[ann] Tsubasa kicks
a crossover pass to Izawa.
Team Nankatsu will try
to score their first goal
- with a volley.
-[yell]
[yell]
-This can't be!
-Your turn!
[ann]
Izawa feints a header,
and Nagano goes forward
to head the ball.
Yeah, I'm gonna score!
Not that fast, kid.
[gasp]
[ann] But Team Hirado's
captain intercepts the ball,
stealing Team Nankatsu's
opportunity.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Takeno
- now has the ball.
-[grunt]
And he shoots
a long pass.
[grunt]
[ann]
Sano receives it.
Guys, stop him
from shooting.
-I won't let you through.
-[panting]
[grunt]
-[gasp]
-Ah!
-[yell]
-[scream]
Let's make this very clear.
Nankatsu isn't a team
you can take lightly,
you punks.
Great job, Takasugi.
[ann] Team Nankatsu
won't concede another goal.
Takasugi advances
with the ball,
but Jito gets closer
to get it back.
Let's see how you fair
against me, Jito.
[grunt]
[grunts]
[ann] This is a duel
between titans.
[gasps]
[growling]
[gasp]
[ann] Takasugi
is knocked down
- by the superior strength
-[chuckle]
of Team Hirado's captain.
-[grunt]
-What?!
[ann] But Tsubasa
steals the ball from Jito
for the first time.
He was able to steal
the ball from the captain!
[smirk]
Good, Tsubasa.
I was getting kinda bored.
[Hajime]
Tsubasa is still running
despite his shoulder injury.
We have to help him.
Hey, Tsubasa!
Huh?
Don't you worry,
we're right behind you.
[grunt]
Good!
It's yours, Hajime.
[grunt]
I got it.
Here, Teppei.
[grunt]
[groaning]
[ann]
Kisugi loses his footing.
And Team Hirado
uses this chance
to get the ball back.
You guys hurt my teammates.
Now you're gonna
have to face
Shutetsu's playmaker
head on.
-[yell]
-[scream]
[ann] Izawa slide tackles
and gets the ball.
He runs towards the goal.
-You won't be able
-to get through!
[yelling]
[ann]
The ball bounces away,
but Team Nankatsu's
captain
recovers it promptly.
[Tsubasa]
Okay, I have to shoot now.
Don't you ever
dream about it!
[grunts]
[ann] Tsuabsa
manages to shoot
right before Jito's charge.
[grunts]
[scream]
[ann] And the ball
hits the goal post.
-That's impossible.
[groaning]
[ann] Team Nankatsu
couldn't score.
Nankatsu's number 10
is lying flat on the ground.
What a turn of events.
Tsubasa...
Oh, no, captain.
The shot was off.
By attempting to protect
his shoulder,
he lost the angle.
The trajectory changed
and the ball ended up
hitting the goal post.
Okay.
It's our turn to attack.
[ann] Here comes
the counterattack.
-Everybody go back.
-[gasp]
-Huh?
-Tsubasa!
[ann] Tsubasa
is still on the ground,
completely immobilized.
It's a dangerous moment
for Nankatsu.
We have to go and
defend the goal.
Quickly, get back guys.
They won't score.
[ann] Taki and Kisugi
come back quickly
in an attempt to defend
the attack.
Ishizaki and Nakazato
cover Sano
- to prevent any pass.
-[growl]
[panting]
[pants] Here!
[ann]
Himeji passes the ball.
Now Team Hirado's
waiting for an opening.
My shoulder.
-He's badly injured...
-[groan]
This can't be happening.
Why aren't they
sending help?
[ann] The teams are
fighting over the ball,
and meanwhile,
the clock keeps ticking.
[groan]
[Hiroshi] Oh well,
there's no more
-time to lose.
-Huh?
Katsumi,
pass me the ball now!
Yes, captain.
Ryo, don't let Sano
get close to the goal!
He'll try to go for
-a volley again.
-[grunt]
Yeah.
-[chuckle]
-[smirk]
[pant] It doesn't matter
how hard you try.
You're playing against
Team Hirado.
You won't be able to
stop us.
Let's win it.
Take this!
[grunt]
[ann]
Jito shoots,
but the ball seems to be
going too high.
[smirk]
[gasp]
That spin on the ball is...
[ann] Morisaki
leaves the goal
to catch the ball
when it bounces.
-Now's the time!
-[gasps]
[ann]
But as the ball falls,
it bounces away
with an unexpected spin.
-What's going on?
[grunt]
[ann] And the ball's
in the net,
thanks to Jito's
incredible pass.
Sano was able to score
the third goal of the match.
This is spectacular.
The current champion
is being demolished
by the dark horse,
Team Hirado.
That's right, Jito and Sano!
-There's no way we can
-No!
-lose the match now.
-Why?!
[gasp]
It's unbelievable.
Tsubasa will be...
...defeated.
[gasp]
[ann]
The stadium's in shock,
ladies and gentlemen.
Team Nankatsu
can't do anything
to stop
Team Hirado's attacks,
which have been
unrelenting.
And to think that
I had weeks
waiting very anxiously
for this match.
I have to say this is
very disappointing.
[grunt]
I...
can't lose...
the match.
Wakabayashi...
We won't be able to win
the third championship.
If only we...
had Misaki...
I'm sorry, Roberto...
In the end, I couldn't...
[grunt]
-[gasp] Tsubasa!
-[gasps]
[pants]
Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa!
-You okay?!
-Please, wake up!
-Someone get a doctor!
-You okay?!
-Tsubasa!
-Please wake up!
[Genzo]
Wake up, Tsubasa!
[gasp]
Why're you giving up
already, Tsubasa?
You still have
the second half
to get back on your feet.
Don't give up so easily.
Pick yourself up.
[Taro]
He's right, Tsubasa.
You just have to
put your trust
on your teammates.
And you can think up
of a different strategy.
Don't give up.
You can still come back
from this.
Go get them.
[Tsubasa]
Is that you, Misaki?
And you, Wakabayashi?
[Roberto]
Tsubasa, wake up.
Don't lose hope on yourself.
You can still
win this match.
You have to do your best.
The last shot
that I taught you...
Remember the Drive Shot.
[Tsubasa]
You mean I...
have to shoot
the Drive Shot?
Tsubasa!
Buddy,
-can you hear my voice?
-We need you here right now!
-Wake up!
-Tsubasa!
-You're a fighter!
-Say something, please!
-You'll be fine.
Quickly, we're going to
need a stretcher!
-I'm okay. [groan]
-Huh?
I can...still play.
-[gasp] Tsubasa!
-Are you feeling okay?
Tsubasa, are you sure
you're fine?
-Wow!
-Yeah!
Tsubasa just lay down
and rest, would you?
I don't mean to brag,
but this match is over.
[Ryo]
What'd you say?!
[growl]
[chuckle]
Huh?
[whistle]
[ann] And the first half
is over.
It's the first time
Team Nankatsu is
trailing behind
by this much.
No one could've imagined
they'd be three goals down
against this rival.
An unexpected
turn of events for everyone.
[narr] Team Hirado's
locker room...
-Yeah!
-This is going great!
-The victory is ours!
-With three goals,
-They cannot
-Team Nankatsu doesn't stand
-beat us. [laugh]
-any chance of winning.
-We're gonna win!
-One more goal.
-No way!
-Yeah!
That team is nothing for us.
We have to score
more goals on them,
don't we, Captain?
-No, that'll be enough.
-Huh?
We're only going to
concentrate on the defense
during the second half.
-Huh?
[groaning]
I can't even feel my legs.
Captain...
Oh, I didn't see you, Sano.
The coach keeps insisting.
He says you should
stay on the team.
We're really strong when
we're alongside you
on the pitch.
Humph.
Even if I want to leave,
they'll force me to stay.
But the truth is that soccer
has never really
interested me.
Is that why you're always
out picking fights, captain?
If I'm being honest...
I'm just trying to
finally find
someone worthy
of going up against,
but I'm afraid that's
never going to happen.
Never say never.
Huh?
[Mitsuru]
Look, he sounds interesting.
He's the captain of
Team Nankatsu,
the current champions.
They've won
the last two tournaments.
Are you sure?
Are you sure he's
as strong as they say?
Uh-huh.
All of the soccer teams
in Japan
are training to defeat
Tsubasa Ozora.
They say he's invincible.
Oh...
It looks like I have
no other option.
[Mitsuru]
Option?
If I want to fight
against him,
then I have no other choice
but to stay here, do I?
I want to face off
against him.
Yes, Captain...
Uh-huh.
Yeah!
[Hiroshi] This whole time,
I yearned to face off
against Team Nankatsu.
Especially against
Tsubasa Ozora.
But in the end,
it was nothing
but a disappointment.
It looks like
there's no one worthy
of facing head to head.
[narr]
Infirmary.
Three goals.
You're in a pinch.
It'll be hard to tie
the score, young man.
I know.
But I still haven't
given up yet.
This time...
I'll do my best
to shoot my Drive Shot
to even out the scoreboard.
This isn't over...
until it's over, doctor.
[chuckle]
-He's going to be just fine.
-[giggles]
Taki, Kisugi,
you feeling okay?
We're doing fine.
Don't worry about us, coach.
I'm more worried
about Tsubasa.
[door opening]
-Huh?
-Tsubasa!
Everybody,
this still hasn't
finished yet, has it?
-Yes, Tsubasa.
-Ah!
-That's right, Tsubasa.
-[laugh]
-We can do this, guys!
-Oh, yes!
-I'm sure of that!
-We can make a comeback.
-We can overcome this
-We can find a way
-together, guys!
-to win this thing.
-Let's win, Nankatsu!
-I knew you're a winner.
Tsubasa's smile always
motivates the team.
However...
I'm worried his injury
might be serious.
[ann] We're in the second
half of the match.
Despite his injury,
the captain Tsubasa
will be playing
in this half.
[yawn]
When I say so, I want you
to pass me the ball.
What?
I'll score the first goal
for our team, Mamoru.
[whistle]
I hope you're ready,
Team Hirado.
Because this time...
I will be using
my Drive Shot.
And we will win!